[#1525][#1526][#1531] updated readme + removed unused test class (#1533)
dbs-leipzig/gradoop: README.md

##### Further Information (articles and talks)

> * [Exploration and Analysis of Temporal Property Graphs, EDBT Demo, March 2021](https://dbs.uni-leipzig.de/file/EDBT21_Demo_Gradoop_camera_ready_v1.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Exploration and Analysis of Temporal Property Graphs, EDBT Demo, March 2021](https://dbs.uni-leipzig.de/file/EDBT_DEMO_Rost_2021_published.pdf)
```

Reviewer: I updated the paper with the published version.

Reviewer: .
